Github Actions : 
    Every 15 minutes:
    Fresh Ubuntu VM starts
    Repo is cloned
    Node 20 installed
    npm install
    node cron-runner.js
    VM dies


Made react browser communicate directly with supabase,
    so no use of server.js and stuff now
    no need of a server running somewhere as API endpoint

    had to do some RLS stuff on supabase (check sql editor)
    to allow such communication

    as this backend cron is using service key of supabase
    while UI is using anon key , which is good for security in some way idk


GitHub Action runs every 15 minutes.
Inside that run, your own scheduler logic decides which workflows actually execute.


Technical Note: Evolution to Hybrid MCP Architecture
The Challenge: The "Noise" and "Block" Wall
    The initial architecture relied on traditional web scraping (Playwright) to convert entire 
    webpages into Markdown for LLM processing. 
    This faced two primary failure points:
        Data Noise: High-traffic e-commerce sites like Amazon often bury the primary product price under layers of "Related Items," "Sponsored Products," and "User Reviews." 
            The LLM frequently hallucinated prices from these irrelevant sections or got confused by EMI calculations.
        Anti-Bot Resilience: 
            Financial platforms like Moneycontrol employ aggressive anti-scraping measures, 
            often resulting in "Access Denied" errors when accessed via standard headless browsers.

The Strategy: Adopting the Model Context Protocol (MCP)
    To move beyond brute-force scraping, 
    the system was upgraded to the Model Context Protocol. 
    MCP allows for a "Schema-First" approach, where the system doesn't just read a page but requests specific data points 
    (Price, Currency, Product Name) through a standardized tool interface.

Why Firecrawl?
Firecrawl was selected as the primary MCP server for its specialized extraction capabilities:
Structured Output: It uses internal LLM-powered parsing to return pure JSON instead of raw HTML/Markdown.
Evasion: It utilizes managed proxy rotations and browser fingerprinting to bypass "Access Denied" walls that stop traditional scrapers.
Efficiency: By returning only the requested data (e.g., 500 tokens of JSON vs. 25,000 tokens of HTML), it drastically reduces latency and API costs.

The Current Request Flow (The Hybrid Model)
    When a price tracking request is initiated, the system now executes 
    the following orchestrated steps:
    Intent & Schema Generation (The Brain): A fast LLM (Groq) analyzes the user prompt to determine the "Domain" (e.g., Finance or E-commerce) and generates a strict JSON Schema of the required facts.
    Parallel Execution (Hybrid Extraction):
        The Fact Engine (MCP): Connects to the Firecrawl MCP server to "snipe" the exact data defined in the schema, returning a clean JSON object.
        The Context Engine (Scraper): Simultaneously runs a standard Playwright scan to grab the top 5,000 characters of the page to capture "flavor" (like delivery dates or specific bank offers).
    Synthesis (The Final Logic): The primary LLM (Gemini or Groq) receives both the "Precise Fact" and the "General Context." 
        It uses the Fact for the numeric comparison and the Context for a natural language explanation.
    Action: The system compares the validated price against the user-defined threshold and triggers a Hindi or English alert only when conditions are met.
    This hybrid approach ensures that even if a website blocks the local scraper, the MCP "Fact" engine provides the necessary data to fulfill the request accurately.
